raftstore: correct the description on `inspect-interval` from v7.5 (#17499)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.5.0.md

| Configuration file | Configuration parameter | Change type | Description |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| TiDB | [`tikv-client.copr-req-timeout`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#copr-req-timeout-new-in-v750) | Newly added | Sets the timeout of a single Coprocessor request. |

> | TiKV | [`raftstore.inspect-interval`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#inspect-interval) | Modified | Modify the default value from `500ms` to `100ms` after optimizing the algorithm, which improves the sensitivity of slow node detection.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiKV | [`raftstore.inspect-interval`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#inspect-interval) | Modified | Changes the default value from `500ms` to `100ms` after optimizing the algorithm to improve the sensitivity of slow node detection. |
```
